# 2 · Small City

The year 2004 was an era of rapid development—or rather, rapid popularization—of the internet and computers. All sorts of places started using computers, but relatively traditional train stations were still a few years away from launching online ticketing services.

Moreover, in this era, you didn't need to show an ID to buy a train ticket. One person could buy many tickets at once, which led to an especially rampant black market for tickets.

Of course, in a big city like Hangzhou, there were relatively fewer ticket scalpers.

"Where to?" The ticket seller said coldly. It was supposed to be a question, but from her mouth, it turned into a statement.

"..." Su Yuqing remained silent, because she didn't know where she was going. Perhaps, she should go to a place very far away?

But where should that place be? Beijing? Chengdu?

Too far. Maybe there would be many inconveniences in life, and the prices in those big cities would definitely be high. Su Yuqing only had a total of 1500 yuan, which probably wouldn't last even a month there.

So, within Zhejiang Province, which city was farther from Hangzhou and had lower prices?

Without a doubt, it was Small City.

The small city was called "Small City." Just like its name, it was not big. Prices were famously low, and the pace of life was very slow. It's just that its level of modernization couldn't compare to Hangzhou at all.

"Excuse me, where are you going?" The ticket seller was a little impatient. She asked again; if she had to ask a third time, she would probably just tell Su Yuqing to get out of the way.

"To Small City..." Su Yuqing said timidly. This was the first time she had bought a train ticket on her own. Seeing the ticket seller's cold expression, she didn't know what tone to use in response.

After all, Su Yuqing was just a child.

She was very timid, but often, timid people do things that the brave wouldn’t dare to do.

For example, running away from home. At her age, very few dared to do that. And Su Yuqing’s case wasn't just any runaway; she truly wanted to leave her home and venture into the outside world to live.

She knew the future would be difficult, but she probably didn't realize that the future would be ten or a hundred times more difficult than she imagined.

The train ticket was still a bit warm, probably because it had just been printed.

Su Yuqing held the ticket tightly, following the crowd inside.

The Hangzhou City Train Station was too big, at least for a child of her age, to the point where she could easily get lost. Su Yuqing didn't ask for directions, not out of pride, but out of timidity.

She was actually a child who wasn't good at interacting with people.

She didn't know if it was her autism that made her want to become a girl, or if it was because she wanted to become a girl that she developed autism.

"The T136 train from Hangzhou to Small City is about to depart. Passengers who have not yet checked their tickets, please go to window number 4 to check in."

The female voice from the broadcast rang out. Su Yuqing's hand holding the ticket was a little sweaty, because she hadn't found where to board the T136 train yet. She had only heard the announcement.

Su Yuqing looked around, a few fine beads of sweat forming on her forehead.

"Little girl, can't find where to board the train?" A gentle and somewhat concerned voice came from the side.

Su Yuqing "swished" her head around, looking nervously at the person who spoke—a middle-aged woman who was cleaning.

"Little girl, is there anything I can help you with?"

"I... I..." Su Yuqing's little face was a little flushed. She mustered her courage and said, "That... I'm taking this train... but I... I can't find... the entrance..."

The cleaning lady looked at the ticket Su Yuqing handed her, then looked up and smiled, "It's just ahead, go in to the right, there are digital signs there. When it calls which window is for checking tickets, you just go to that window to check in."

"Thank you!" Su Yuqing thanked the cleaning lady gratefully, dragging her suitcase and running quickly to the ticket gate.

She heard the ticket checker make a "click" sound on the ticket with the ticket puncher and wave at Su Yuqing, saying, “Hurry, the train’s about to leave.”

“Thank you!”

After a brief exchange with other people, Su Yuqing’s mood had calmed down a lot, and those fearful feelings had also subsided somewhat.

It seemed that living alone outside wouldn't be too difficult, because there were still many kind people in this world.

But Su Yuqing didn't know that for every kind person in this world, there were as many malicious people...

Life was never that simple, and on this journey, she had a long, long way to go...

"Clunk, clunk, clunk—" The somewhat old-fashioned train slowly started moving. This was an express train, which, in the era before high-speed trains became popular, represented the fastest train speed.

Su Yuqing followed her ticket to find her seat. She was worried that her luggage would be taken away, so she simply put it at her feet, so she could at least keep an eye on it at all times.

Today was not a holiday, nor was it a particularly important day. There weren't many people on the train, or rather, not many people were taking the train from Hangzhou to Small City.

This was a direct train, with Hangzhou as the starting station and Small City as the final destination.

After all, this wasn’t the time for people to return to their hometowns. More people were likely coming from the countryside to the big cities, rather than returning to the countryside.

In many people’s eyes, a backward city like Small City wasn't much different from the countryside.

The train was moving very fast, but Su Yuqing didn't feel that the surrounding scenery was receding quickly. She could still clearly see the birds' nests in the trees, and the crickets in the fields...

Traveling alone brought Su Yuqing some panic and tension, but also some excitement.

Was she excited because she was finally free, or was she excited because it was her first time traveling alone?

Perhaps, it was both.

Su Yuqing fantasized about a bright future. After arriving in Small City, she could find a job and rent a small place of her own. She could wear those beautiful clothes to her heart's content, and take those medicines that could make her more “beautiful” without worrying about her parents finding out about her body changes.

In fact, Su Yuqing’s current physical condition was somewhat related to the medicine, but the relationship wasn't that significant. She was just a child who was developing late.

She only took those medicines once every week, or even every half a month, mainly because she was worried that changes in her body would be noticed by her parents.

She just didn't expect that her secret would be discovered by her parents before her body had changed much.

The effect of the medicine was not obvious; at most, it just delayed her already late development even more.

Su Yuqing was already a rather handsome boy. Her father was also a handsome man when he was young.

When she thought of her parents, the excitement that independence had brought Su Yuqing faded away quite a bit. She rested her chin on her hand, and images of her parents appeared in her mind.

She hated that her parents couldn't accept their child; she hated that her parents couldn't acknowledge her way of doing things; she hated that her parents had forced her to get a buzz cut that was only suitable for boys...

But she also had some regrets, regretting that perhaps she shouldn't have been so impulsive. What would her parents do after they got home? Would they look for her? But would they really be able to find her?

Su Yuqing's emotions were complex. She both hoped that her parents could find her and hoped that they would never find her, until they forgot about her.

After all, she was just a child.

"I'll give you one night to think it over, whether you want to be my son, or get out of this house!"

Her father's words echoed in Su Yuqing’s mind. She became firm again, silently clenching her fists, and whispered to herself, “I will definitely not go back, definitely...”

The scenery outside the window seemed to have lost its appeal. The monotonous mountains, rivers, and farmland made Su Yuqing feel sleepy.

The biggest concern when traveling alone was falling asleep on the bus. However, since the final destination was Small City, it shouldn’t be a problem, right?

Su Yuqing’s little head nodded, like a chick pecking at rice, and finally couldn't resist the mental fatigue. She leaned her head back, resting on the seat, and fell asleep.

"Clunk, clunk, clunk—" Su Yuqing's dream was empty; there was only the sound of the train moving, like a beautiful melody. It made her sleep more soundly, and the rocking of the train made her feel like she was back in her childhood, in her mother's arms, listening to her mother softly humming a lullaby.

The young man sitting next to Su Yuqing was somewhat captivated by her peaceful sleeping face. He reached out, wanting to take off Su Yuqing's hat and see her soft long hair, but ultimately didn't dare to move. He hesitated in mid-air, then drew his hand back.

“So cute… Why isn't there an adult accompanying her?” The young man tilted his head, thinking for a while. Many possibilities seemed to flash through his mind, but he didn't come to a conclusion.

"Hah... I still can't shake the habit of thinking of her whenever I see someone..." The young man chuckled twice and turned his head elsewhere. Outside the window, rows of poplars rushed backward, and the sky was still gloomy. It was likely that the sun would not come out for the entire day.

"Well... a cloudy day is fine too. A cloudy day... has a unique charm..."

The young man turned his head back to Su Yuqing, gazing at her for a while, as if he wanted to completely engrave her appearance into his mind.

“Such a lovely girl... The girls that the protagonists in those novels want to protect, they should be like her, right?”

"Clunk, clunk, clunk—" The train was running, the train car was very warm, warm enough to make Su Yuqing want to just keep sleeping like this forever, and never step into the cold outside world.

"Hey, wake up, the final stop is here. Time to get off the train." The voice of a young man broke Su Yuqing’s empty and peaceful dream.

...
