# 3 · Alone, Directionless

"Uhm... uh?" Su Yuqing raised her head groggily, and seeing the crowd slowly exiting the train, she suddenly came to her senses.

The train from Hangzhou to Small City was a direct train without any stops. If the train doors had opened, it meant that the destination had arrived.

The journey of more than five hours was a bit long, and it was already afternoon. The sky was still covered in dark clouds. Because there was no sun, it was hard to tell if it was evening yet. Su Yuqing only felt that the light was much dimmer than at noon.

The person who had woken Su Yuqing had already merged into the crowd. Having only heard him say one sentence, Su Yuqing was certainly unable to identify which kind soul had woken her.

There were many such kind reminders and help around, but because they were so small, they were often overlooked.

Of course, there were also quite a few minor acts of malice. Everything had its duality, didn't it?

Su Yuqing gently rubbed her still groggy head, dragged her suitcase, and followed the flow of people out of the train, standing on the somewhat empty train platform.

A gust of cold wind blew, seemingly sneering as it drilled into Su Yuqing’s clothes. The icy feeling made Su Yuqing's delicate body tremble, and the few remaining traces of sleep vanished instantly.

Su Yuqing tugged at the brim of her baseball cap, making sure it was still securely on her head, covering the buzz cut that, to her, was shameful and ridiculous.

One hand was pulling the suitcase, while the other was always on her baseball cap, as if she was afraid the hat would fall off due to some accident, as if her buzz cut being exposed would cause everyone to laugh at her.

There weren't many people on the platform. It wasn't particularly lively. In the cold wind, it seemed a bit desolate.

The train platform in Small City was not built underground, but directly on the ground. It didn't have many protective measures, nor any windows or the like. It was like a huge "shed," that covered only the sky overhead, while other areas were completely exposed to the air.

Unlike the train station in Hangzhou, which was enclosed on all sides, where people could feel warm inside, the train station in Small City was different. In this early spring season, it could only make people feel cold...

The temperature in early spring was not much higher than in winter. Sometimes, there would even be a few winter snowfalls. Although Su Yuqing wore a sweater and a thick cotton-padded coat, she was still shivering with cold.

This was Su Yuqing’s first time at the train station in Small City. The environment was completely unfamiliar to her. There was not a single person she knew, and her parents and relatives, who were always by her side, were gone...

Looking around, she was all alone.

To Su Yuqing at that moment, the other passengers were like NPCs in a game, cold data without warmth.

Su Yuqing was dazed for a while before finally gritting her teeth and following the tail of the crowd, at least it would be a bit livelier that way, even if those people had nothing to do with her.

She didn’t want to stay there alone, tasting loneliness and solitude. Although that was something she would inevitably have to experience in the future, she wanted to have as much comfort as possible, at least, that would make her feel better.

Following the crowd, Su Yuqing walked out of the simple train station of Small City and stopped again. She looked left, then right, and then at the road ahead, not knowing which direction she should go.

Like a lost migratory bird, Su Yuqing felt not only confusion, but also anxiety and frustration.

Fifteen years old was the age when children developed a strong sense of independence. But many children couldn't achieve true independence; they always instinctively wanted to rely on someone. When they were truly out alone, without any support, that fear, that dread, would flood their hearts.

Which way… should she go?

Su Yuqing took half a step in each direction, but she always drew back, spinning in place, like a child who had wandered away from their parents and was waiting for them to come and take them back.

The sounds of some noisy hawking could be heard, and some men with stubble beards and women with wrinkled faces walked past Su Yuqing, asking her questions, but all of them ended with Su Yuqing's silence.

"Come on, brother, where are you going?" An uncle stopped a scruffy young man and asked.

"To Baishi Road, how much?" The scruffy young man asked very skillfully, obviously not the first time taking such a private motorcycle.

“Ten yuan, cheaper than a taxi!”

“Alright, let's go.” The scruffy man didn't waste any more words, directly straddling the middle-aged uncle’s motorcycle, and said.

“Okay, hold on tight.”

The man sitting on the motorcycle paused when he saw Su Yuqing, seeming like he wanted to say something, but he was already taken away by the motorcycle.

The motorcycle roared, disappearing in a cloud of smoke.

“Do you need a room? Twenty yuan per night, including dinner.”

“Little girl, do you need a room?”

“……”

“Come on, freshly made donkey rolls, sweet, soft, and not sticky!”

“Candied hawthorns, candied hawthorns, big and sweet candied hawthorns!”

Such sounds rose and fell, one after another.

The entrance of the train station in Small City was also full of local flavor. It was as if it wasn't a train station at all, but a large market.

Su Yuqing had been standing there for almost half an hour. Those who didn't know might think she was waiting for someone.

"...Don't think about them anymore, everything...depends on myself." Su Yuqing gently shook her head, suppressing the softness that had risen in her heart. She looked around again, and finally chose a direction, walking forward slowly.

The reason she was not in a hurry was because Su Yuqing didn't know where she was going. Without a goal, she naturally wouldn't be anxious.

This was Su Yuqing's first time going out alone. Her thoughts were still a bit chaotic. She needed time to sort out many things in her mind little by little.

"Gurgle—" Su Yuqing was frowning slightly, pondering about the future when her stomach suddenly protested. And it wasn't just one sound, but several in a row. This made Su Yuqing's little face turn slightly red. She lowered her head and quietly looked around, and only after noticing that no one was looking at her, she breathed a small sigh of relief.

Su Yuqing always kept her head slightly lowered, as if she was looking at the road, but actually she was deliberately not fully showing her face. So, her vision always couldn't see people's faces. What she saw was often people's two legs, two feet...

Was it self-consciousness? Perhaps it was. Perhaps, there was also some desire to protect herself within.

Only by being inconspicuous would she not attract too much trouble. This was the experience Su Yuqing had summarized at school. She had often been bullied by boys and ostracized by girls because she looked too much like a girl...

What's more, in a strange city like this, it was better to be low-key.

"Uhm... my stomach is so hungry..." Su Yuqing gently rubbed her stomach. She hadn't eaten all day, or even had a sip of water. Now, walking on this street with many small eateries and restaurants, she felt even more uncomfortable.

Not having eaten all day had also made Su Yuqing's body a bit weak, symptoms caused by low blood sugar.

The solution was to eat something.

Su Yuqing had fifteen hundred yuan with her. It sounded like a lot, but she didn't have any direction for the future, so she naturally had to save in advance.

But...

"For the first meal in this city, how about eating a little bit of something good? It's also a reward for myself?" Su Yuqing muttered to herself, leaving the steamed bun shop and walked to the outside of a small fast-food restaurant. A table was placed outside the restaurant, with a clear glass "cube" on top, containing all sorts of sauces and seasonings. A round wooden bucket was placed on a small stool next to it, looking like a place that sold sticky rice.

Su Yuqing rubbed her stomach, and then looked at the somewhat dirty and messy fast-food restaurant. With her slight germaphobia, she suddenly didn't want to go inside, but the sharp-eyed female owner had already greeted her and asked, "Little girl, what would you like to eat?"

Su Yuqing, who had been about to turn around and leave, had no choice but to stop. Her life experience was still limited, and she didn't know how to deal with the overly enthusiastic behavior of the boss.

She had no choice but to point at the wooden bucket and asked, "What is this?"

“Oh~ that, that's called qiangao. You’re from out of town, right?”

“Mhm…”

“Little girl, where are you from?”

“Hangzhou…” Su Yuqing couldn't stand the female owner’s enthusiasm, but she was too embarrassed to turn around and leave just like that.

Oh well, she would just buy something.

“Oh~ Hangzhou probably doesn’t sell qiangao, right? Try it, it tastes very good."

"Uhm... then... I'll have one." Su Yuqing had also developed a little bit of curiosity about the so-called "qiangao".

The owner took out a large, warm piece of rice cake from the wooden bucket, rolled it flat on a cutting board, and then asked, "Little girl, what kind of filling do you want?"

"Filling...?"

"Mhm, look here, what do you want? Pork chops, large intestines, pickled mustard, or whatever?"

"...Just pork chops, please."

“Okay.”

The owner skillfully cut up the pork chop, then put it inside the rice cake, added some broth, oil, and some bean sprouts and such, and then wrapped up the rice cake. It looked like a big dumpling.

"How much..."

“Two yuan.”

Su Yuqing paid the money, holding the rice cake in one hand and dragging her suitcase with the other, and continued on her way.

The qiangao tasted good, and there was a lot of it, so it was very suitable as a meal to fill her stomach.

Su Yuqing had a small appetite. She only ate half of it and already felt very full.

After eating, she regained some strength, and those unpleasant things were temporarily forgotten by Su Yuqing. She cleared up her thoughts and began to walk towards the place she wanted to go.

...
