# 4 · The Missing Wallet

The cold wind blew gently. Su Yuqing tucked the half-eaten qiangao back into her arms, perhaps she could save it for a late-night snack.

Having come alone to a strange city, what was the most important thing?

Naturally, it was to find a job and a place to stay.

The money in Su Yuqing’s wallet was enough to rent a small room in Small City. One thousand yuan could cover rent for about three months, as long as she could find a job within those three months that could cover rent and living expenses.

It sounded like it wasn't a very difficult thing, but in reality, it was quite difficult to do.

Su Yuqing planned to find a job first, so she could rent a room near work, making it much more convenient to go to and from work.

Although Small City was small, it was still a city. Although the buildings were old and outdated, it still had everything it should have.

For example, the type of agencies that were plastered with all kinds of small paper notes.

The agencies in Small City weren't as formal as those in big cities. They simply provided a very basic platform. An empty room with a desk and chair was where the boss sat with his legs crossed, leisurely drinking tea and reading the newspaper. The store, however, was packed with people, all carefully looking at the small pieces of paper posted on the wall. They would take down a note that was suitable, then pay the boss a commission fee to get the phone number for the job.

Most of the people looking for work here were older. There weren't many young people, and it was even more noticeable when it was someone like Su Yuqing, a child with a delicate, childish face who clearly did not look like an adult.

But no one stopped her, because the hiring here was open. As long as you met the requirements, you could just ask for the contact number. After all, Small City was small. It wasn’t uncommon to hire child labor. In fact, even in Hangzhou at this time, there were still a large number of child laborers.

Su Yuqing dragged her suitcase into the crowded and cramped room.

The posted ads were printed or handwritten. Some were for housekeepers, some were for office workers or shop assistants...

It was a mix of everything.

There was a lot of job information. Basically, as long as you weren't too demanding, everyone could find a suitable job here.

Su Yuqing carefully looked at each row, and finally, she found a job that seemed quite suitable for her—a waitress at a restaurant.

The age requirement was 16 years old and above. Although Su Yuqing was only fifteen, she had an ID card, and there wasn’t much difference between fifteen and sixteen. With a little flexibility, she should be able to get the job.

Thinking that she would have a decent job and would be able to support herself, Su Yuqing felt inexplicably excited.

For her, who longed for independence and freedom, this was undoubtedly a very important step.

She looked around to make sure no one else was eyeing the same job, then she carefully tore off the ad, and slowly walked to the shop owner's side.

Su Yuqing timidly placed the ad on the table. There were many people around, and it was very noisy, which made her voice seem even quieter.

"Boss... I want... this, this one..."

"Commission fee is five yuan." The boss was still looking at the newspaper, not even raising his head to answer.

"Mhm!" Su Yuqing nodded excitedly, reaching into her pocket.

The pocket was empty. There was nothing there.

Su Yuqing quickly checked her left pocket, but there was nothing there either. Then she checked all the pockets on her body...

Su Yuqing's expression became panicked, because the wallet that should have been quietly sitting in her pocket had disappeared.

"Are you going to take it or not? If not, please make way, okay?" The people behind her were getting impatient. Some were even holding several ads in their hands, waiting to pay the shop owner.

"I'm, I'm sorry! I just... I just can't find my wallet for a moment..." Su Yuqing frantically tried to take off the backpack she was carrying, but a burly man pushed her to the side.

"Where did this kid come from? Don't get in the way."

Su Yuqing could no longer worry about being upset, nor could she worry about being angry. She dragged her suitcase, carried her backpack, and walked to the empty area by the door, where she squatted down and began to search.

"I remember... I didn't put the wallet back in the bag..." Su Yuqing rummaged through her backpack. There weren't many things in the bag. She was able to finish searching it very quickly, but no matter how many times she searched, Su Yuqing couldn't find her wallet.

At this moment, she wasn’t just feeling panicked and nervous. All kinds of negative emotions broke through her already fragile barrier, filling Su Yuqing's mind.

"Wuu... impossible... how could it... I couldn't have lost it..." Su Yuqing sobbed quietly, and clear tears slipped from her eyes. She didn't bother to wipe the tears from her face. Instead, she hurriedly opened her suitcase and started searching again.

Although she knew it was almost impossible for her wallet to be there, at least it was a little bit of hope.

But as the number of searches increased, that faint hope finally shattered.

"It's not here... Wuu... it's gone... Wuu wuu..." Su Yuqing wiped her tears with the back of her hand, but the tears still slid down uncontrollably.

The wallet had a whole one thousand and five hundred yuan and Su Yuqing’s ID card. Compared to the money, the ID card was more important. Without an ID card, she might not be able to find a job, and she might not even be able to rent a place to live...

How difficult would it be for a minor without an ID card to survive alone in the city?

If she had an ID card, at least the situation would be a bit better...

You didn't need to be eighteen to get an ID card. Su Yuqing's ID card was obtained when she had just turned fifteen. In Su Yuqing's escape, it played a very important role.

And now, it had disappeared with her wallet.

And the entire one thousand and five hundred yuan.

What exactly was the concept of one thousand and five hundred yuan in 2004?

A big Gaozhuang steamed bun only cost fifty cents, and a package of pickled mustard only cost fifty cents; one yuan for breakfast could fill Su Yuqing’s small stomach; a fast-food meal with two vegetables and one meat only cost five yuan; and the rent in a place like Small City was only three hundred yuan per month…

Five hundred yuan, if she saved a little, would be enough to last for two months. One thousand yuan could cover three months of rent...

And now, it was gone. It had disappeared. It was nowhere to be found.

The hope in Su Yuqing's heart also shattered with it.

Alone in this strange city, without a penny, what could she do? Maybe, she would starve to death.

Su Yuqing looked at the grey sky, feeling a bit desperate.

The tears still wouldn't stop flowing.

"Why, why do you have to treat me like this..."

"Wait, I can tell the boss that my wallet was stolen. Maybe he will help... Yes... he will definitely help..."

Su Yuqing squeezed back into the crowd, rushed in front of the boss, wiped the tears from her face with red eyes, and sobbed as she pleaded for help, "Boss, my, my wallet... wuu... in your... in your shop... it was... it was stolen..."

The boss put down the newspaper and glared at Su Yuqing, looking very displeased as he said, "Little girl, what do you mean by this? Are you saying there's a thief in my store?"

"Yes... My wallet... wallet..."

"Nonsense!" The boss slammed the table, startling Su Yuqing. "How could there be a thief in my shop! You definitely lost your wallet outside! Don't try to blame it on me!"

"But, but... it's, it's true..."

"Which one of my business rivals sent you? Tell him, if he's got the guts, come face-to-face. Messing around with these underhanded tricks, do you think that because of what you said, no one will come to my shop?!"

"Wuu..." When Su Yuqing saw that the boss was so unsympathetic, she couldn't help it and started to cry loudly. Her tear-stained face was so pitiful that it made people want to cry with her.

Some kind-hearted people wanted to step forward to say a few words on Su Yuqing’s behalf, but it was too late.

Because the boss directly stood up and pushed Su Yuqing out.

“Get out! Get out! How could there be a thief in my shop!" The boss roared at Su Yuqing, then turned his head, put on a friendly face, and said to the people in the store, "Everyone, continue to choose. Don't worry, how could there be a thief in my shop? Many people aren’t here for the first time. They all know.”

The crowd looked at each other, then at Su Yuqing, and then at the boss. In the end, they chose to believe the boss. More importantly, the job information in this store was quite abundant, and the fees were relatively low. Driven by a mix of profit and reason, the agency store returned to calm, as if nothing had happened, except for Su Yuqing, who was still sobbing outside the store.

Su Yuqing had never thought that this world would be so cruel, that there would be such unsympathetic shop owners in this world...

Su Yuqing rubbed her chest, where the shop owner had pushed her hard a moment ago. Although it hadn’t made her fall, her chest was still a little tight, making it hard to breathe. Perhaps it was also related to being too sad.

"Perhaps... perhaps it fell on the road..." Su Yuqing really couldn’t accept the fact that her wallet had disappeared, so she began to search carefully on the road where she had come from for several rounds.

But still, she couldn't find anything.

The sky had completely darkened, and the somewhat dim streetlights slowly lit up.

The trees planted by the road swayed their branches, like ferocious ghosts with their claws out.

Su Yuqing still hadn't found her wallet. Even if her wallet had fallen on the ground, it had probably already been picked up by someone.

The concept of returning lost property seemed to only happen on the news.

Discouragement, sadness, confusion, panic, fear...

All kinds of complex, negative emotions weighed heavily on Su Yuqing, almost crushing her.

She raised her head and looked at the sky covered with dark clouds, where she could not see the moon, nor could she see the stars. Despairingly, she murmured to herself, “Could this be... my... fate?”

...
